Week 2 Prompts:
  
  1. From the start of the course, my initial understanding of technical writing is explaining how things should work, should be formed, how they operate and what gives it meaning. Like a set of instructions for a machine or manual for how a phone works.
  
  2. When beginning the process for the instruction set, I didn't really care for what pieces I wanted to use. As long as it was 10 to 15 pieces for the build and from there I tried different ways to make original designs. From the feedback I got from my colleagues, they said my instructions were pretty easy to understand and straightforward to get the final result. The only thing I should've changed was put arrows leading from one picture to another instead of a collage of the steps. 

  3. The audience for the instructions is really for anyone, from people who can read to people who are handicapped. In a sense, the writing and visuals are for considerate and gives everybody a chance. 
  
  4. I delivered by instructions through Google Slides, I thought it would be easier to operate because I could do it through it my phone and send pictures from my phone because the iPhone quality makes the photos crisp and clean. I think for a powerpoint or a presentation in general is a easier way for little kids to build because it's step by step with a lot of room to see the visuals. 
  
  5. When it comes to setting something up or going through instructions, I find it extremely easy because I make sure to read it thoroughly instead of rushing into it. How you can make changes and state the reason why. It's a cool way to collaborate with students to get projects done, but personally I feel like Google Drive is more comfortable and most people in the class from what I heard. I guess one take away that I can take away from the tutorial and apply to my instruction set is add motion pictures like gifs. 
  
  6. I learned how to do reseach on Zotero, very new to me but I personally wouldn't use it because it's not my style of research. Social breaks were a new thing to me as well, I mostly like to get things done early and as fast as possible so having that in the class is foreign to me. But it's something I have to get used to.
